1. enlarge the domain respective the expected frequency range
   i.e. much larger for exponential, not so much for gaussian, 
   least for spherical
   a) enlarge again do have nice factors for fft (only efficieny 
      reasons probably)
   b) if there is to be periodicity, undo all the enlargements in
      this direction

2. compute effective distance 
   a) put all x and y values in a big matrix
   b) modify such that zero at the boundary and max in the centre
   c) modify again somehow (haven't quite understood that)
   d) compute effective distance to zero (scaled by correlations lengths)
   e) modify effective distance with a smoothing function (enlarges 
      the domain of values that map to approx zero, thus broadening 
      the peak of the covariance function)

3. compute covariance matrix
   use gaussian, exponential, spherical covariance function on the 
   effective distance to get covariance matrix
   the center of the covariance gets mapped to the four edges of the
   matrix

4. compute fft of covariance
   use two-dimensional fft and scale the frequencies by the inverse 
   element length

5. modify frequency vector by random phase and amplitude factor
   a1) dietrich and newsam method - use a complex factor where the
      real and imaginary parts are standard normally distributed. 
      this accounts for a chi-squared distributed amplitude factor
      (why does that make sense?) and a uniformly distributed 
      phase factor
   a2) looks rather complicated with all the invers fft stuff and angle
      and so on but gives simply a random complex value with absolute 
      value one and uniformly distributed phase (I think you would get 
      the same much simpler with something like exp(i*2*pi*rand(n_ele_Y))
      I think this method makes somewhat more sense then a1) since
      a1) is doing something to the power spectrum I am quite sure of 
      what it is - thus in a way altering the covariance function in 
      some unexpected fashion

      I think there is a small bug in here. "i" was used as a variable
      and is now either 2 or there instead of sqrt(-1). Using 1i should
      fix this.

   b) multiply the square root of the frequency matrix by the factor
      (since the square of the power spectrum of the process is the
      covariance) from a) and use the inverse fft to get the process
      having this frequency spectrum
   c) take the real part of it since the result of b) can be complex. 
      not quite sure about this - I think rather the multiplication 
      factors can't be as arbitrary but must have a relation like 
      that factors of one freq and its negative counterpart must be
      complex conjugate
   d) the zh stuff I don't understand yet, I just trust you on that
      issue (or will read at that later...)

6) restrict the domain again to that originally specified by user

7) add uncertain mean
   



